feat: flagd offline in-process support with flags sources from file (#421)
open-feature/go-sdk-contrib: providers/flagd/README.md

In the above example, in-process handlers attempt to connect to a sync service on address `localhost:8013` to obtain [flag definitions](https://github.com/open-feature/schemas/blob/main/json/flagd-definitions.json).

#### Offline mode

In-process resolvers can also work in an offline mode.
To enable this mode, you should provide a valid flag configuration file with the option `WithOfflineFilePath`.

```go
provider := flagd.NewProvider(
        flagd.WithInProcessResolver(),
        flagd.WithOfflineFilePath(OFFLINE_FLAG_PATH))
openfeature.SetProvider(provider)
```

Provider will attempt to detect file changes but this is a best effort attempt as file system events are different from os to os.
This mode is useful for local development, tests and offline applications.
For a full-featured, production-ready file-based implementation, use the RPC evaluator in combination with the flagd standalone application, which can be configured to watch files for changes.

> 

Reviewer: maybe we can add a disclaimer that this mode wins over the grpc one if both are configured 🤔

Author: Good suggestion. This is done - see last section of the offline mode - https://github.com/open-feature/go-sdk-contrib/blob/71322ed8fdb4d29c23b46f81313c0223e7deeba1/providers/flagd/README.md#offline-mode

In the above example, in-process handlers attempt to connect to a sync service on address `localhost:8013` to obtain [flag definitions](https://github.com/open-feature/schemas/blob/main/json/flagd-definitions.json).

#### Offline mode

In-process resolvers can also work in an offline mode.

> To enable this mode, you should provide a valid flag configuration file with the option `WithOfflineFilePath`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable this mode, you should provide a [valid flag configuration](https://flagd.dev/reference/flag-definitions/) file with the option `WithOfflineFilePath`.
```

```go
provider := flagd.NewProvider(
        flagd.WithInProcessResolver(),
        flagd.WithOfflineFilePath(OFFLINE_FLAG_PATH))
openfeature.SetProvider(provider)
```

> Provider will attempt to detect file changes, but this is a best effort attempt as file system events are different between operating systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The provider will attempt to detect file changes, but this is a best-effort attempt as file system events differ between operating systems.
```

| WithPort                                                 | FLAGD_PORT                     | number                      | 8013      | rpc & in-process    |
| WithTLS                                                  | FLAGD_TLS                      | boolean                     | false     | rpc & in-process    |
| WithSocketPath                                           | FLAGD_SOCKET_PATH              | string                      | ""        | rpc & in-process    |
| WithCertificatePath                                      | FLAGD_SERVER_CERT_PATH         | string                      | ""        | rpc & in-process    |
| WithLRUCache<br/>WithBasicInMemoryCache<br/>WithoutCache | FLAGD_CACHE                    | string (lru, mem, disabled) | lru       | rpc                 |
| WithEventStreamConnectionMaxAttempts                     | FLAGD_MAX_EVENT_STREAM_RETRIES | int                         | 5         | rpc                 |
| WithEventStreamConnectionMaxAttempts                     | FLAGD_MAX_EVENT_STREAM_RETRIES | int                         | 5         | rpc                 |

> | WithOfflineFilePath                                      | FLAGD_OFFLINE_FLAG_SOURCE_PATH | string                      | ""        | in-process          |

Reviewer 2: The Node.JS version doesn't support the offline environment variable. Is this supported in Java? Maybe we should create a ticket and include it in the [in-process provider spec](https://flagd.dev/reference/specifications/in-process-providers/#environment-variables).

Author: No, we don't have that for the Java provider. I will follow-up on this for the Java provider and create an issue for JS provider.
